Quick description: The player changes the default number of initial: life points, the duration of the move and the number of cards in the hand.

Actors: One player

Main course of events:
1. The player chooses the "Game settings" button from the main menu
2. The application opens game settings options
3. If the player chooses the "Set life points" button
    3.1. The application displays combobox of offered points, as well as an additional field where the player can enter an arbitrary number of life points (in the appropriate domain).
    3.2. The player enters or chooses the points (if he wants to change the default ones)
        3.2.1. The number of life points must be a positive integer from the domain [1000,15000] or the changes will not be accepted with a value out of range error sent
    3.3. The application temporarily remembers changes to initial life point (if any)
4.If the player chooses the "Set time per move" button
    4.1. The application displays combobox with the offered times in minutes, as well as an additional field where the player can enter an arbitrary time in minutes (in the appropriate domain).
    4.2. The player enters or chooses a new move duration (if he wants to change the default ones)
        4.2.1. The duration of the move must be a positive integer from the domain [3,100], or the changes will not be accepted with a value out of range error sent
    4.3. The application temporarily remembers changes to time  per move (if any)
5.If the player chooses the "Set initial number of cards" button
    5.1. The application displays a list with the offered numbers, as well as an additional field where the player can enter an arbitrary number of cards (in the appropriate domain).
    5.2. The player enters or chooses a new initial number of cards (if he wants to change the default ones)
        5.2.1. The number of the cards must be a positive integer from the domain [3,100], or the changes will not be accepted with a value out of range error sent
    5.3. The application temporarily remembers changes to initial number of cards (if any)
6.If the player selects the "Get help" button
    6.1 The application displays a brief description of the game so that the player knows how best to set life points, time per move and initial number of cards in hand.
7. Permanently save all changes for the given player, which will be ready for the game.




